Part Two: The crashing code. 
The code effectively runs as normal but with various visual glitches happening frequently: 
Phase 1a: 
Black faded rectangles of varying sizes that spawn in and out, and are transforming size and ratio as they do so. The edges obscure the view of the green code, and the code is faded along the edges of these rectangles. The code is running like normal in the background. 
Occasionally a snapshot of the normal running code that is 12 cells high and spans the width of the screen will flash but in bright-white code for a moment. It does not have rotators, it is a frozen snip, and fades over 9-14 frames.   

Phase 1b:
An alternate version of Phase 1a: 
Everything is the same as 1a without the white code snapshots: there's a superman-style effect that is much more narrow going from one corner of the screen to the other. It does not widen much, starts at 1-2 cells thick and expands out to around 11 cells thick at the bottom corner. This is layered on top of the rectangles that are obscuring the running code. These are the tracer color, and only last 10 frames or so but are highlighting various characters that are being rendered in the diagonal method mentioned above. 

Phase 2: 
Partial Clear Code bursts with flashes of the existing code being stretched vertically up to 3 times it's existing aspect ratio and zoomed in almost double for a 15-25 frames with the distortion expanding vertically slightly. 

Phase 3: 
There are 7-20 frame-long flashes of the code being smeared horizontally, about 1/2 up the bottom of the screen. This is the green background code. This is occasionally layered with green flashes of single characters being smeared horizontally across the width of the screen, and vertically being 2-3 characters tall (giving the illusion of entire screen flashes but this is entirely the background code being stretched and distorted in a way that it covers the majority of the screen. It is transparent; you can still see the regular running green code in the background. 

Phase 4: 
Phase 1b happens again, but mirrored vertically in terms of effect. The characters are still in the correct orientation, it's just a similar highlighting behavior.  

Phase 5: 
Broken Superman effect happens in a hard diagonal line from one upper corner to the opposite lower corner. There are tracer 'vines' that extend out horizontally from the diagonal center line towards the side of the screen. Some characters are smeared but only part-way down the screen below the lower half. Three cells are smeared vertically from the bottom 1/3 of the screen. This all happens with the faded black rectangles which are imposing on top of the on-screen characters while moving/transforming. The vines are also the color of tracers. 

Phase 6: 
There are single-column bursts of white code streams that 'break through' periodically and fade out immediately. These are frozen and are not flowing code. They extend the entire vertical column with only 1 or 2 empty cells within them. They last only 10-20 frames as they fade out. 

Phase 7: Normal code appears however a horizontal black strip about 6 cells high quickly fades in and obscures the view periodically for 5-15 frames before becoming entirely transparent while moving vertically 1-2 cells for it's duration. 

The code-smearing appears to be an effect to ease the transition between phases. (It starts before a new phase and ends near the beginning of the new phase. This is not consistent, and does not happen each transition.)

There appears to be normal, running code in the background which would be the 'default' state. All of the above 7+ phases are overlays that are obstructing the view of the code with their own effects. The normal, running code feels like the 'canvas' which the rest of the effects are using to generate their visual output. 

The only effect that appears to be not handled by a shader is the diagonal 'broken superman' code effect. Everything else seems as though it's a shader behavior due to the speed and fluidity of the manipulation. 

This entire effect (Boot up, crashing) would be the whole effect but should be able to be spawned independently of one another. (Boot, Crash)

What is your recommendation for this part compared to the first, and what is the recommended implementation option? 