Todo:
Run tests on all effects, behaviors, sliders, settings, etc. 

Behaviours: 
Remove "Spawn from Perimeter" as a general setting; this is per-behavior, not global. 
Remove "Allow Asymmetry" - confusing and redundant. 
Remove "Size Scaling" and control. Seems to not work anyway. 
Remove "Max Actions" as each step should only have 1 'action' as determined by the behavior pool.

Figure out Block Size Bias - allow it to dictate how large spawns can be, and what size. 
	Size bias should max at 10 (w or h can be 1-10 when slider set to 10)
	Skinny = 1*(w), 1*(h)
	Thin = 2*(w), 2*(h)
	Mixed = w*h
	

Perimeter Spawner should be in the Spawn Behaviors accordion, and it should attempt to spawn in new locations, not add/delete the same block repeatedly in the same location. 

"Nudge Growth" should be "Explorer Growth"

Shove Fill:	
	- Must adhere to the Growth mode; it can only start attached to existing blocks. If Edge, spawn anywhere. If Spine, from spine only (current behavior, only if block exists first, and fill-rate should be higher is faster, not the inverse)
	- Must adhere to Spawn Bias (single strip means only single strips get spawned. Wider = larger strips of 2 or 3)
	- 
	
"Inside Out Expansion" does not have the additional controls as the rest of the behaviors, and does not appear to work unless Spine generation is enabled. Also, it seems to stop part way instead of just ignoring the perimeter and continuing indefinitely. (Should be more blunt of an expansion tool.)
Also needs controls for 'block size' so it can add 2x2 blocks, 1x2, 2x1, etc. 


"Spreading Nudge" can be removed entirely. 



Visuals: 
- Fix animation for quantized Retract. 
- Adjust behaviors slightly so they don't quite overlap in terms of what they do. 
- In the UI, put back the underlying slider path, to know a slider can be moved. 

Bugs: 
There's a massive pause after the block generator takes over, instead of being seamless/continuing. 

Scale to Effect Size does not work for some effects. 

<- Look:
Clean up UI. 